Docs-1348  pg ai version 3.0.1 (#6653)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/ai-accelerator/pgfs/settings.mdx

---
title: "PGFS settings"
navTitle: "PGFS settings"
description: "Settings which control how PGFS is able to access data."
deepToC: true
---

## About PGFS settings

> The PGFS extension has a settings which control how the extension is able to access data. These settings are GUCs (Grand Unified Configuration) which can be set using the Postgres `SET` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PGFS extension has settings which control how the extension accesses data. These settings are GUCs (Grand Unified Configuration), which can be set using the Postgres `SET` command.
```
